Now did you had a thorough introduction to how you generally work with React Native and build react
native applications.
It's of course.
Time to dig a bit deeper and also learn how we can build applications that look great on both platforms
on both ISIS and Android and that maybe also we have kind of the default look you would expect there
and of course that all look great on different devices different device sizes.
That's what's called responsive to sign your app should be designed such that it automatically looks
great on all possible device sizes and therefore in this module you will learn all about the tools you
need for that specifically.
We'll have a look at how you can find out how big the device is on which you're running.
So how broad it is how much with you have how much height you have and maybe which orientation it has.
Because maybe you also want to present a different layout for different orientations for portrait mode
and for landscape mode and therefore will also have a look at how you can adjust your styles and your
layouts based on the size and orientation because there are a couple of different tools you get by React
Native.
Now the sizes are one thing.
The other obvious thing which you might want to cover is the platform you're running on.
You're building an app that you typically want to distribute to both ISIS and Android because debt is
the cool thing with React Native.
You use javascript to get an app for multiple platforms and still sometimes you need to adjust your
styling or your layout or maybe even some business logic based on the platform you're running on.
So you want to have a certain layout or a certain color on ISIS and you might have a different color
on Android.
In this module you'll learn how you can adjust your code or your user interface in general based on
the platform.
So these are the big topics will dive in in this module and for this I'm back on the app.
We worked on this as the app we saw there.
This basic quiz we worked on and I want to now step by step make sure that this looks good on different
device sizes that we maybe also learn how we can switch around the layout based on the space we have
a way lable and of course all when to make sure that we maybe also have some different looks based on
the platform we're running on.